R SAR he's joining us live from DM in
Western Tura where a has been laid to
rest and R it is a devastating day for
her family but they have been shown that
they're not
alone indeed it was a devastating day
for the family um and we have just seen
that her mother has just left her grave
where she was buried
her father as well and they both could
just barely keep up with the help from
some other people so they still it's
difficult for them to accept that aaur
is no more but it was not only family
they had been her friends as well
several of her friends from the United
States and from across turkey they have
been attending her funeral and now today
we have seen that thousands of people
also have arrived in her hometown did to
attend her funeral that just the prayer
funeral that the the funeral prayer that
just taken have taken after the noon
prayer and still people are coming and
respecting paying their respects this is
her grave where she is buried people
have planted some of the flowers here
and you can see a Palestinian cafia on
the other side you will see a
Palestinian flag and a Turkish flag
together and of course alongside her
family friends and thousands of people
coming and attending her funeral they
have been several senior politicians
also were present here including the
parliament speaker the foreign minister
the leader of the opposition party the
Justice Minister and several several
others and we have seen that the
parliament speaker has delivered the
speech promis in that Justice is going
to be delivered that's right R he said
that ao's death will not be in vain so
tell us what the Turkish government is
doing about her
killing well turkey has said that there
uh they have launched their independent
investigation and the reason for that is
the lack of trust toward the Israeli
investigation uh they said that Israeli
investigation is not reliable there are
lots of ambiguities around it is not
transparent and of of course it doesn't
make sense for them that is they because
Turkish officials are considering Israel
as the killer of aaur So based on that
they have launched their own
investigation and we have heard from
ao's father mmed SWAT AI again again has
been calling on the US United States
government also to do the same but
turkey is is taking a further step so it
has done it's own autopsy on autopsy on
on a Shan's body and the Turkish
officials are saying that the findings
of this investigation and also the
autopsies are going to be provided to
the international court of justice to be
used in the ongoing War crime trial
against Israel but according to the
parliament speaker that's not going to
be only that his promising that turkey
is going to take several steps
internationally Rell thank you very much
for that for now that is our
correspondent Rell sad he has been
covering the funeral for us he was there
for us even Yesterday When ao's body
arrived in Tura live inm thank you so
much for your
reporting we're now joined by v basan
he's a political analyst and assistant
professor of history at ibben halun
University and he's joining us live from
Istanbul thank you very much for your
time so we were just hearing from our
correspondent about the investig ation
that Turkish authorities are undertaking
inter ao's killing but our correspondent
was also talking about turkey hinting at
possible other steps that um the country
might take on the international stage we
have to of course see what comes out of
the investigation but based on that what
Avenues does turkey have in getting
Justice for one of its citizens killed
by an Israeli
soldier well as as uh
we're witnessing currently and the last
few days that aan
res killing actually became a quite
uh sadness
Nationwide and president erogan even
today in an International Conference
press conference uh emphasized uh this
killing and emphasized also that they
will do their best uh to at at legal
front uh to find uh out who did it and
how that uh happened I'm sure turkey
first launching an investigation locally
within turkey's turkey's border uh
borders and uh we know that do has been
conducted as a as a you know necessary
step but I'm sure as we see from um also
senior officials and and and namely the
foreign minister pan also today sent out
a me message on the social media saying
that they're going to be following this
following whatever it takes at the
international front as well the way
turkey is seeing this and and the
discussions also among the political
analysis as well as the academics is
this is a a clear indication uh That No
One Is Safe And even if you are a US
citizen or a Turkish citizen um and and
and they just kill you simple um as that
that fact and this has to change and
someone has to do something about it
because the death tole daily increasing
in gazda now even International it's
called as genocide so I'm sure turkey
will be following this issue legally at
International uh front as well and how
might ao's killing impact tur's
relationship with Israel is it the last
nail in the coffin for normalization
driven by economic
considerations well since the beginning
I mean let's say at least at the
beginning turkey uh really I I I know
personally uh that followed
uh the necessary steps to be the
mediator between the two parties but
unfortunately um especially Israel
rejected that and you know what happened
and total Destruction it seems turkey
politically and and internationally
doesn't want to put the nail in the last
nail in actually turkey trying to keep
the doors open and because just just to
stop this uh Massacre and killing of
international I mean innocent people in
Gaza so I'm sure they will still keep
the option available there but turkey
more than once at the highest level
emphasize that uh there should be some
International and uh legal consequence
for what is going on in Gaza or in
general in the West Bank as well and
what Israel is doing this is
unacceptable so now we can see that the
senior official Numan Mr Numan mus also
was at the funeral and he was uh saying
the same thing so it is quite sad seeing
in the one hand over 4 41,000 people
daily being murdered and in the last 7
years they subjected to the brutal
occupation and now we have this case um
but I mean it's definitely making the
relations between the two countries
quite uh difficult and
stange ban joining Froman thank you for
your
time thank
you make sure to subscribe to our
channel to get the latest news from Al
jazer